[New Topic] Docs Community (#1009)
Codecademy/docs: content/docs-community/concepts/contributing-to-docs/terms/docs-repository/docs-repository.md

---
Title: 'Docs Repository'
Description: 'The docs repository is where contributors can view, edit, and propose new content to be published to the Codecademy Docs site.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Documentation'
  - 'Git'
  - 'GitHub'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-open-source'
  - 'paths/code-foundations'
---

> The content-base where Codecademy Docs is housed is the **`docs` repository** (or "repo") on [GitHub](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs). Contributors can view, edit, and propose new content for the repo. After the changes are merged into the repo's `main` branch, they will go live on the [Docs site](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content-base where Codecademy Docs is housed is the [**`docs` repository**](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs) (or "repo") on [GitHub](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/github). Contributors can view, edit, and propose new content for the repo. After the changes are merged into the repo's `main` branch, they will go live on the [Docs site](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs).
```

## Forking the Repository

When getting started, contributors should create a new fork of the `docs` repo. This should be done prior to changing any existing files or creating new ones in order to avoid merge conflicts.

![A red stencil outlining the "Fork" link for the Codecademy Docs repo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/indicate_fork_link.png)

> The forked repo is a remote repo that exists on GitHub. To make changes on a local computer, a copy of the remote `docs` repo (local repo) will need to be made using the following command:

Reviewer 2: To make changes on a local computer, a copy of the remote `docs` repo (local repo) ~will need to~ must be be made using the following command

> The forked repo is sometimes regarded as the "remote repo" on GitHub. To make a changes on the local computer, a "local" version of the remote `docs` repo will need to be made with the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The forked repo is a remote repo that exists on GitHub. To make changes on a local computer, a copy of the remote `docs` repo (local repo) will need to be made using the following command:
```

```pseudo
git clone https://github.com/github_username/docs.git
```

> The newly created `docs` folder (the local repo) can now be changed into. It contains all of the files and folders from the remote repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes can now be made in the newly created `docs` folder (the local repo). It contains all of the files and folders from the remote repo.
```

> Changes can now be made in the newly created `docs` folder (the local repo). It contains all of the files and folders from the remote repo.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Changes can now be made in the newly created `docs` folder. It contains all of the files and folders from the remote repo.
```

## Issues

First-time contributors are highly encouraged to visit the [Issues](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/issues) tab of the `docs` repo. There, they can ask to be assigned to an open issue and begin writing a markdown file for a new [entry](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/docs-community/entries) or make edits to an existing one.

## Pull Requests

> Pull requests (PR) are used to propose new changes to be merged in the base `main` branch of the `docs` repo. After contributors are finished editing files in the PR branch of their forked repo (separate from the `main` branch), they are ready to [add](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/add), [commit](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/commit), and [push](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/push) their changes and open a new PR.

Reviewer: Instead of "the PR branch of their forked repo." Maybe say "their local repo". Otherwise the change in terminology might be confusing.

> Pull requests (PR) are used to propose new changes to be merged in the base `main` branch of the `docs` repo. After contributors are finished editing files in the PR branch of their local repo (separate from the `main` branch), they are ready to [add](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/add), [commit](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/commit), and [push](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/push) their changes and open a new PR.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Pull requests (PRs) are used to propose new changes to be merged into the base `main` branch of the `docs` repo. After contributors are finished editing files in the PR branch of their local repo (separate from the `main` branch), they are ready to [add](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/add), [commit](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/commit), and [push](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/push) their changes and open a new PR.
```
